Glossary audit: Sentence case and title case (#6769)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/sage_ai/predictive_suite/predictive_churn/prediction_analytics/prediction_quality.md

{% details Prediction Quality details %}

For example, if 20% of your users usually churn on average, and you pick a random subset of 20% of your users and label them as churned at random (whether they truly are or not), you'd expect to correctly identify only 20% of the actual churners. That's random guessing. If the model were to only do that well, the lift would be 1 for this case.

If the model, on the other hand, allowed you to message 20% of the users and, in doing so capture all the "true" churners and no one else, the lift would be 100% / 20% = 5. If you chart this ratio for every proportion of the likeliest churners you could message, you get the [Lift Curve](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-lift-curve-unveiled-998851147871). 

> Another way to think of lift quality (and also _Prediction Quality_) is how far along the way between random guessing (0%) and perfection (100%) the prediction's lift curve is at identifying churners on the test set. For the original paper on lift quality see [here](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/380995.381018).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to think of lift quality (and also _Prediction Quality_) is how far along the way between random guessing (0%) and perfection (100%) the prediction's lift curve is at identifying churners on the test set. For the original paper on lift quality, see [Measuring lift quality in database marketing](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/380995.381018).
```
